BZ1954146: add labels to namespace while using egress with ovn (#38738)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-egress-ips-assign.adoc

.Procedure

> . Create an `EgressIPs` object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create an `EgressIP` object:
```

.. Create a `<egressips_name>.yaml` file where `<egressips_name>` is the name of the object.

> .. In the file that you created, define an `EgressIPs` object, as in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. In the file that you created, define an `EgressIP` object, as in the following example:
```

----
egressips.k8s.ovn.org/<egressips_name> created
----

> . Add labels to the namespace which requires egress IP addresses.

Reviewer 2: Firstly suggest move this step after   "Optional: Save the `<egressips_name>.yaml` file so that you can make changes later."
Second, suggest give example to label the namespace. Be noted the label should match egressip objects namespaceSelector, that means in this example, the label should be env=qa

----

. Optional: Save the `<egressips_name>.yaml` file so that you can make changes later.

> . Add labels to the namespace that requires egress IP addresses. To add a label to the namespace of an `EgressIPs` object defined in step 1, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add labels to the namespace that requires egress IP addresses. To add a label to the namespace of an `EgressIP` object defined in step 1, run the following command:
```

Author: @ctauchen I have chnaged `EgressIPs` to `EgressIP`

> . Add labels to the namespace which requires egress IP addresses. To add a label to the namespace of an `EgressIPs` object defined in step 1, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add labels to the namespace that requires egress IP addresses. To add a label to the namespace of the `EgressIPs` object defined in step 1, run the following command:
```
Per IBM: Always use "that" for restrictive clauses.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc label ns <namespace> env=qa <1>
----

> <1> Replace `<namespace>` with the namespace which requires egress IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Replace `<namespace>` with the namespace that requires egress IP addresses.
```
See above.

> <1> Replace ``<namespace>`` with the namespace which requires egress IP addresses.

Reviewer 3: Should there be double back-ticks with namespace?
